Fix link in api-conventions.md (#3739)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md

*This document is oriented at users who want a deeper understanding of the
Kubernetes API structure, and developers wanting to extend the Kubernetes API.

> An introduction to using resources with kubectl can be found in [the object management overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/declarative-config/).*

Reviewer: nit: can we replace "object management overview" with "declarative object management overview" or something like that?

A page for imperative object management exists as well (https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/imperative-config/), so I think it'd be helpful to be precise here. :)

Author: Done

> An introduction to using resources with kubectl can be found in [the declarative object management overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/declarative-config/).*

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the back and forth, but I think this should actually be https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/object-management/

This is the current version of the document that https://v1-10.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/object-management-kubectl/object-management/ goes to.

```suggestion
An introduction to using resources with kubectl can be found in [the object management overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/object-management/).*
```
